"Just a whisper. I hear it in my ghost.” - Major Motoko Kusanagi (Atsuko Tanaka) Ghost in the Shell
"Hell. Every freakin' day I have to ask myself: Will this day, be the last day I lie in the sun?" - Mugen (Kazuya Nakai/Steven Blum) Samurai champloo
"You want to make a statement. You want to be part of the change. I don't know how you say. I am powerless. I am weak. I am afraid. We answer: one person can disrupt an entire system by simply standing still. One person can spread a message to a thousand more simply by choosing to speak. Stand beside others, and you become a wall. Shout along with others, and you become a bullhorn. If we push together, we can topple their towers." - DedSEC Message (Kevin Shortt) Watch_Dogs
"You gotta learn and keep learning" - Gill-Scott Heron
"Failure is not an option but you should prepare for it" - Anon
"Give me the strength to carry on" - Usagi Tsukino, Sailor Moon (Kotono Mitsuishi) Sailor Moon
"It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow.” ― Robert H. Goddard
"When you see a good move, look for a better one." - Emanuel Lasker
"I think therefor I am root." - Anon
"There is nothing wrong with wanting pay for work, or seeking to maximize one's income, as long as one does not use means that are destructive." - Richard Stallman
"It is a machine. It is more stupid than we are. It will not stop us from doing stupid things." Ubuntu user #33,200. Linux user #530,530
"If you tickle the earth with a hoe she laughs with a harvest." Douglas Jerrold
"I don't have a Dream, I have a plan." Noxeema Jackson (Wesley Snipes) To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar
"Without a struggle, there can be no progress.” Frederick Douglass
"Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability.” Edsger W. Dijkstra
"Evil is the moment when I lack the strength to be true to the Good that compels me." Alain Badiou
"Peace will come to the world when the people have enough to eat." Momofuku Ando
"I believe feminism is grounded in supporting the choices of women even if we wouldn’t make certain choices for ourselves." Roxane Gay
"To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering." Frederick Nietzche
"Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal." Albert Camus
"Commitment is an act, not a word." Jean-Paul Sartre
